MCLOUD-6430: Xdebug not working on Magento Cloud Docker 1.1 (#7810)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/docker/docker-development-debug.md

1. To enable Xdebug for your Docker environment, generate the Docker Compose configuration file in developer mode with the `--with-xdebug` option and any other required options, for example.

   ```bash
   vendor/bin/ece-docker build:compose --mode="developer" --sync-engine="mutagen" --with-xdebug
   ```
   

>    For Linux system also need to be added option `--set-docker-host` for automatically adding `host.docker.internal` into `/etc/hosts` of `fpm_xdebug` container.

Reviewer: Better English syntax
```suggestion
   For Linux systems, the option `--set-docker-host` also needs to be added for automatically adding `host.docker.internal` into the `/etc/hosts` for the `fpm_xdebug` container.
```

Author: Thank you!

>    For Linux systems, the option `--set-docker-host` also needs to be added for automatically adding `host.docker.internal` into the `/etc/hosts` for the `fpm_xdebug` container.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   For Linux systems, you must use the `--set-docker-host` option to add the `host.docker.internal` entry to the `/etc/hosts` file for the `fpm_xdebug` container.
```

Reviewer: So it's a compulsory option?

Reviewer 2: The original text implies that it is.
